The codebase has 3 scripts that are of primary significance:

main.py: This script uses the Census Bureau APi and extracts the data. Also, since the data that we received from the Api
isnt in usable format, we transform it using functions to output a dataframe that can be used by downstream functions.
The file is also used for preparing the data for the dashboards. These functions are suffixed by _dashboard.

Extraction of data:
If we are dealing with the Age-Sex dataset, we need to call the method clean_population_frame() on the dataset extracted,
else need to only run the clean_column_names() to get the data in the required format. LOC 268/270 needs to be changed
accordingly.

Dashboard preparation:
A table dictionary is provided as input in the main method to map the various tables based on the race they represent.
Each of these tables are suffixed by [A-I] that are relevant to a particular race. Example mappings are already mentioned
in the code. LOC 278-284 are responsible for dashboard creation.

Possible improvements: Presently, only a single table type can be taken in as input. We could input all table types with
their race mappings requiring only a single run for dataset creation accros different tables. Presently, income, education
 etc all need to be run separately.

Table_Visualizer: This script is used to generate all the plots that are used in the various reports. There are certain helper
functions also defined that help with the preparation of data for plot creation.

reporting_new: This is the script that was initially developed that is used for creating the 2 column report. It also
includes certain functions for Table creations.

reporting_half: This is essentially the same as reporting.py, outside the page configurations. This looks to have a 1 columnar approach
to create reports. No additional configurations required while running this. This will generate the reports for all the counties. Also, it will
create the visualization plots that are saved in the Visualizations folder.

regions_data.csv: CSV file including all the different state agencies and their mapping to the individual counties.

table_names.txt : This txt file is used for inputting all the different census bureau tables to extract data from.

Data Glossary.pdf : This document was developed separately in Word and then appended at the end of our generated report using code.


